Update readme (#185)
apache/incubator-toree: README.md

[![Build Status][build-badge]][build-url]
[![License][license-badge]][license-url]
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/apache/toree][gitter-badge]][gitter-url]
<!--
[![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](http://mybinder.org/repo/apache/incubator-toree)
-->

[Apache Toree][website]
============
Apache Toree is a Juypter Notebook kernel. The main goal of Toree is to provide the foundation for
interactive applications that connect to and use [Apache Spark][1] using Scala language.

Overview
========
Toree provides an interface that allows clients to interact with a Spark Cluster. Clients can send libraries and
snippets of code that are interpreted and ran against a preconfigured Spark context.
These snippets can do a variety of things:
 1. Define and run spark jobs of all kinds
 2. Collect results from spark and push them to the client
 3. Load necessary dependencies for the running code
 4. Start and monitor a stream
 5. ...

> The main supported language is `Scala`. It implements the latest Jupyter message protocol (5.0), so it can easily

Reviewer: "main supported language" implies it can support others.
```suggestion
Apache Toree supports the `Scala` programming language.  It implements the latest Jupyter message protocol (5.0), so it can easily
```

 plug into the latest releases of Jupyter/IPython (3.2.x+ and up) for quick, interactive data exploration.

#Try It
#======
#A version of Toree is deployed as part of the [Try Jupyter!][try-jupyter] site. Select `Apache Toree - Scala` under

> #the `New` dropdown. Note that this version only supports `Scala`.

Reviewer: Is your intention to comment this out?  I don't believe that isn't producing the desired result.

Develop
=======
This project uses `make` as the entry point for build, test, and packaging. It supports 2 modes, local and vagrant.

> The default is local and all command (i.e. sbt) will be ran locally on your machine. This means that you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default is local and all commands (e.g., `sbt`) will be run locally on your machine. This means that you need to
```
